bothdoubleAbbrNewLine.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 23.  Encountered: test
bothdoubleAbbrNewLineAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test1324
bothdoubleAbbrNewLineBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 9.  Encountered: test1324
bothdoubleAbbrNewLineQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
bothdoubleAbbrQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test'これはクォーテーションを含む文字列'1234
bothdoubleAbbrSpace.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
bothdoubleAbbrSpaceAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test1324
bothdoubleAbbrSpaceBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 24.  Encountered: test1324
bothdoubleAbbrSpaceQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
bothdoubleAbbrTab.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
bothdoubleAbbrTabAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test1324
bothdoubleAbbrTabBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 25.  Encountered: test1324
bothdoubleAbbrTabQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
bothsingleAbbrNewLine.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 23.  Encountered: test
bothsingleAbbrNewLineAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test1324
bothsingleAbbrNewLineBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 9.  Encountered: test1324
bothsingleAbbrNewLineQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
bothsingleAbbrQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
bothsingleAbbrSpace.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
bothsingleAbbrSpaceAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test1324
bothsingleAbbrSpaceBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 24.  Encountered: test1324
bothsingleAbbrSpaceQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
bothsingleAbbrTab.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
bothsingleAbbrTabAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test1324
bothsingleAbbrTabBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 25.  Encountered: test1324
bothsingleAbbrTabQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
lastdoubleAbbrNewLine.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 23.  Encountered: "
lastdoubleAbbrNewLineAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: "
lastdoubleAbbrNewLineBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 9.  Encountered: "
lastdoubleAbbrNewLineQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: "
lastdoubleAbbrQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: "
lastdoubleAbbrSpace.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: "
lastdoubleAbbrSpaceAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: "
lastdoubleAbbrSpaceBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 24.  Encountered: "
lastdoubleAbbrSpaceQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: "
lastdoubleAbbrTab.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: "
lastdoubleAbbrTabAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: "
lastdoubleAbbrTabBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 25.  Encountered: "
lastdoubleAbbrTabQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: "
lastsingleAbbrNewLine.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 23.  Encountered: 'test
lastsingleAbbrNewLineAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: 'test1324
lastsingleAbbrNewLineBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 9.  Encountered: 'test1324
lastsingleAbbrNewLineQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: 'test
lastsingleAbbrQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: 'test
lastsingleAbbrSpace.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: 'test
lastsingleAbbrSpaceAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: 'test1324
lastsingleAbbrSpaceBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 24.  Encountered: 'test1324
lastsingleAbbrSpaceQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: 'test
lastsingleAbbrTab.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: 'test
lastsingleAbbrTabAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: 'test1324
lastsingleAbbrTabBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 25.  Encountered: 'test1324
lastsingleAbbrTabQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: 'test
manyElementsFirstAbbr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: testテスト1324
manyElementsLastAbbr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 76.  Encountered: testテスト1324
manyElementsMiddleAbbr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 60.  Encountered: disabled
oneElementAbbr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: testテスト1324
predoubleAbbrNewLine.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 23.  Encountered: test
predoubleAbbrNewLineAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test1234
predoubleAbbrNewLineBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 9.  Encountered: test1234
predoubleAbbrNewLineQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
predoubleAbbrQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test'これはクォーテーションを含む文字列'1234
predoubleAbbrSpace.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
predoubleAbbrSpaceAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test1234
predoubleAbbrSpaceBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 24.  Encountered: test1234
predoubleAbbrSpaceQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
predoubleAbbrTab.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
predoubleAbbrTabAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test1234
predoubleAbbrTabBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 25.  Encountered: test1234
predoubleAbbrTabQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
presingleAbbrNewLine.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 23.  Encountered: test
presingleAbbrNewLineAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 23.  Encountered: test1324'
presingleAbbrNewLineBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 13, column 9.  Encountered: test1324'
presingleAbbrNewLineQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
presingleAbbrQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
presingleAbbrSpace.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
presingleAbbrSpaceAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 23.  Encountered: test1324'
presingleAbbrSpaceBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 24.  Encountered: test1324'
presingleAbbrSpaceQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
presingleAbbrTab.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
presingleAbbrTabAfterAttr.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 23.  Encountered: test1324'
presingleAbbrTabBeforeAttr.html -> Parse error at line 12, column 25.  Encountered: test1324'
presingleAbbrTabQuote.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: test
twoElementFirstAbbr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 23.  Encountered: testテスト1324
twoElementLastAbbr.html -> Parse error at line 11, column 42.  Encountered: testテスト1324